DRIVERS-2698: clarify that the unified test format is only intended for enterprise servers (#1462)
mongodb/specifications: source/unified-test-format/unified-test-format.rst

  spec uses this as the return value for ``find`` and permit API flexibility
  rather than stipulate that a cursor object be returned directly.

Server Compatibility
--------------------

> The unified test format is intended to only run against enterprise servers.

Reviewer: Consider adding: `with enableTestCommand=true` (or whatever the syntax is)

Author: Is the suggestion to clarify which tests / syntax doesn't work against community servers?

Reviewer: Yes, it seems similar to the use case presented in DRIVERS-2698: if you try to run the tests without this they will fail (and in great numbers!).

  spec uses this as the return value for ``find`` and permit API flexibility
  rather than stipulate that a cursor object be returned directly.

Server Compatibility
--------------------

> The unified test format is intended to only run against enterprise servers.  Additionally, the 
> unified test format makes use of the `FailCommand <enableTestCommands>`_ feature of mongodb.  The server MUST be launched with the ``enableTestCommands`` parameter enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The unified test format is intended to only run against enterprise servers. Additionally, many tests make use of `Server Fail Points`_, so servers MUST be launched with the ``enableTestCommands`` parameter enabled.
```
